docs(dialog, form): make respective textareas controlled (#7197)
Sage/carbon: src/components/dialog/dialog.mdx

<Canvas of={DialogStories.Responsive} />

### Focusing Dialog Container Programmatically

```javascript
import { DialogHandle } from "carbon-react/lib/components/dialog";
```

> The `DialogHandle` type provides an imperative handle for programmatic control over the `Dialog`'s container focus. 

Reviewer: suggestion(non-blocking): the wording feels a bit technical and could be simplified

Feel free to push back, but I prefer to aim for more layman's terms where possible

```suggestion
The `DialogHandle` type allows you to control the focus of the Dialog component using a ref. You can call the `focus()` method on the `ref` to set the focus on the Dialog's container."
```
